Tasks

1. Develop a chart that displays tweets with the highest engagement rates (top 10%). Include only those tweets that have received more than 50 likes and were posted on weekdays and this graph should work only between 3PM IST to 5 PM IST apart from that time we should not show this graph in dashboard itself as well as tweet character count should be below 30.

2. Create a visual that shows the average engagement rate and total impressions for tweets posted between '01- 01-2020' and '30-06-2020'. Filter out tweets that received fewer than 100 impressions and like should be 0 and this graph should work only between 3PM IST to 5 PM IST apart from that time we should not show this graph in dashboard itself.

3. Plot a scatter chart to analyse the relationship between media engagements and media views for tweets that received more than 10 replies. Highlight tweets with an engagement rate above 5% and this graph should work only between 6PM IST to 11 PM IST apart from that time we should not show this graph in dashboard itself and the tweet date should be odd number as well as tweet word count be above 50.

4. Build a chart to identify the top 10 tweets by the sum of retweets and likes. Filter out tweets posted on weekends and show the user profile that posted each tweet and this graph should work only between 3PM IST to 5 PM IST apart from that time we should not show this graph in dashboard itself and the tweet impression should be even number and tweet date should be odd number as well as tweet word count be below 30

5. Create a clustered bar chart that breaks down the sum of URL clicks, user profile clicks, and hashtag clicks by tweet category (e.g., tweets with media, tweets with links, tweets with hashtags). Only include tweets that have at least one of these interaction types and this graph should work only between 3PM IST to 5 PM IST apart from that time we should not show this graph in dashboard itself and the tweet date should be even number as well as tweet word count be above 40.

6. Develop a visualization that compares the number of replies, retweets, and likes for tweets that have received media engagements greater than the median value. Include a filter for tweets posted in between June and August of 2020 and this graph should work only between 3PM IST to 5 PM IST and 7 AM to 11AM apart from that time we should not show this graph in dashboard itself and tweet date should be odd number and media views should be even number as well as tweet character count should be above 20 and need to remove tweet word which has letter 'S'.

7. Analyse tweets to show a comparison of the engagement rate for tweets with app opens versus tweets without app opens. Include only tweets posted between 9 AM and 5 PM on weekdays andthis graph should work only between 12PM IST to 6PM IST and 7 AM to 11AM apart from that time we should not show this graph in dashboard itself and the tweet impression should be even number and tweet date should be odd number as well as tweet character count should be above 30 and need to remove tweet word which has letter 'D'.

8. Create a line chart showing the trend of the average engagement rate over each month of the year. Separate the lines for tweets with media content and those without and this graph should work only between 3PM IST to 5 PM IST and 7 AM to 11AM apart from that time we should not show this graph in dashboard itself and the tweet engagement should be even number and tweet date should be odd number as well as tweet character count should be above 20 and need to remove tweet word which has letter 'C'.

9. Create a dual-axis chart that shows the number of media views and media engagements by the day of the week for the last quarter. Highlight days with significant spikes in media interactions. this graph should work only between 3PM IST to 5 PM IST and 7 AM to 11AM apart from that time we should not show this graph in dashboard itself and the tweet impression should be even number and tweet date should be odd number as well as tweet character count should be above 30 and need to remove tweet word which has letter 'H'.